# Password-Locker

## Author Martin Mylles, May 24th 2021

## Description
A python that is operated via the commandline takes in user password for different accounts and stores them.The user has to log in to access the stored accounts cridentials.The app can also generate a random password for a user.

## Behaviour Driven Development(BDD)
The website has the following functionalities:

*The user inputs his/her name.
*The user is given is given the option to sign up,log in or exit the app.
* If the user choses to log in,they input username,email adress and password
* The user can chose to sign up instead if they dont have an account set up already.They input username,email and password.
* the user inputs the account description of username and password for the various accounts.
* the user can request the app to generate a password for him/her.
* The user can dispalay the accounts stored with their cridentials.
* Random generated passwords	Passwords generated by the application.
* User accounts with their credentials	Stored user accounts and their passwords


## Setup / Installation requirements
#### Prerequisite Installations :

* python3.6
* pyperclip
* pip
#### Cloning 

* git clone  https://github.com/martin-moringa/flask1.git on terminal.
* cd Password-Locker
* code . or atom . based on the text editor you have to open the project.
#### Running the app

* To run the app, use python3 app.py
* To tun Tests, use python3 -m unittest

## Technologies Used
* Python3.6

## Known Bugs
The application does not verify the user as it should.

## Support and Contact Details
For any comments,suggestions,feedback or inquiries, contact me via email: martin.mylles@student.moringaschool.com

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT Open Source license Copyright © 2021. Mylles Martin